my name is John sillas I work for GSS
for a press manufacturer in Ohio in the
United States Kodak and GSS go back 20
30 years our first relationship with
Kodak was under the mead name we supply
transports for me back in the 70s and
80s since then our relationship has
grown even further and now we do much
more for them than just transport what
separates us is the thing that code I
came to us we have expertise in handling
webs at speeds up to 2,000 feet per
minute so when it comes to trying to
apply ink jet on a very fast web we know
how to make sure that web stays where it
needs to be so that the registration and
quality that comes out of the inkjet
heads are where it should be my name is
Kai beer and I'm the managing director
of at plus a high technology trying and
heating company which has been founded
by partner and myself 15 years ago the
NIR trying technology which is a company
owned development is doing
high-performance trying capability which
is fully on top of every other trying
technique and that's the reason why
Kodak is using this high-performance we
are pretty proud that we are involved in
the in the prosper press product and we
are looking there for the trying both
GSS and add post as you know have been
working together with Kodak separately
we joined partnership about five years
ago to come up with a total package that
will meet the needs of the color fusion
market-driven application
as John mentioned GSS was well known for
handling the the paper and the and the
the drives of the of the substrate and
that pus was well known for the trying
expertise and putting these together
this is necessary for high performance
solutions was the only proper way to do
this joint activity